#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
blinker==1.4
    # via gds-metrics
boto3==1.19.0
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
botocore==1.22.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.1.1
    # via flask-session
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==7.0
    # via flask
contextlib2==0.6.0.post1
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via odfpy
digitalmarketplace-utils==60.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-elasticsearch
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   flask-elasticsearch
    #   flask-gzip
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-wtf
    #   gds-metrics
flask-elasticsearch==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-gzip==0.2
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
flask-session==0.3.2
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
fleep==1.0.1
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
gds-metrics==0.2.0
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
govuk-country-register==0.5.0
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
idna==2.9
    # via requests
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via flask
jmespath==0.9.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
mailchimp3==3.0.17
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
notifications-python-client==6.3.0
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
prometheus-client==0.2.0
    # via gds-metrics
pycparser==2.19
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via notifications-python-client
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via botocore
python-json-logger==0.1.11
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
pytz==2019.3
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
redis==3.5.3
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   mailchimp3
    #   notifications-python-client
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
six==1.14.0
    # via python-dateutil
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
werkzeug==1.0.0
    # via flask
workdays==1.4
    # via digitalmarketplace-utils
wtforms==2.2.1
    # via flask-wtf
